negative The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.
negative It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
positive It is worth the drive.
positive Good prices.
negative At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.
positive It was delicious!!!
positive Never had anything to complain about here.
positive The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.
negative Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
negative This place lacked style!!
positive They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
positive All of the tapas dishes were delicious!
positive Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!
negative We won't be returning.
positive Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!
negative Unfortunately, it was not good.
negative We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
positive I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.
negative The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
positive Very good lunch spot.
negative As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.
positive He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.
positive The food is good.
positive It was awesome.
negative Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.
negative He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.
positive I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.
negative So don't go there if you are looking for good food...
positive We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.
negative No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
positive They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.
negative The warm beer didn't help.
negative Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.
positive Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.
negative This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.
positive We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.
negative I took back my money and got outta there.
positive On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.
negative If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
negative Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...
negative However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
negative My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
positive The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.
negative Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!
negative Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.
positive I can't wait to go back.
positive I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!
positive Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
positive I had a pretty satifying experience.
negative This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
positive The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.
positive I love their fries and their beans.
negative The food was terrible.
positive The staff was very attentive.
positive At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.
negative Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.
negative Worst martini ever!
negative Terrible service!
positive The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.
positive This place has it!
negative This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
positive As for the service, I thought it was good.
positive This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.
positive Seriously killer hot chai latte.
negative We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
positive We were promptly greeted and seated.
positive It was absolutely amazing.
negative There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
negative It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
negative My gyro was basically lettuce only.
negative I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.
positive We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.
negative The service was terrible, food was mediocre.
negative On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.
positive We'd definitely go back here again.
negative If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.
negative Will never, ever go back.
positive Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.
positive He deserves 5 stars.
negative AN HOUR... seriously?
positive A good time!
positive I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.
positive I really enjoyed eating here.
negative I waited and waited.
positive (The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)
positive Great place fo take out or eat in.
positive This place is amazing!
positive I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.
negative Avoid at all cost!
negative This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
negative My girlfriend's veal was very bad.
negative The fried rice was dry as well.
positive Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.
positive The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.
negative It was probably dirt.
positive How awesome is that.
positive Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.
positive Overall, a great experience.
negative I've had better atmosphere.
negative But now I was completely grossed out.
positive Very very fun chef.
negative I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.
negative And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.
negative Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
positive Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.
negative I just wanted to leave.
positive Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
positive A great touch.
negative There is nothing authentic about this place.
positive I did not expect this to be so good!
negative The kids play area is NASTY!
negative Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.
negative The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
positive Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!
negative It was packed!!
negative I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!
negative I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
negative Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
positive * Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
negative Would not recommend to others.
positive The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.
negative The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
positive I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).
negative I was VERY disappointed!!
positive The chefs were friendly and did a good job.
negative The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.
positive Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
positive Awesome service and food.
negative Tasted like dirt.
positive Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.
positive CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
positive I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.
positive In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.
positive Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.
positive Waitress was good though!
positive Always a great time at Dos Gringos!
negative After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
negative It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.
negative Hell no will I go back
positive The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!
negative I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.
negative My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.
positive They have great dinners.
negative I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.
positive The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.
negative The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.
positive So they performed.
positive Food was delicious!
positive The inside is really quite nice and very clean.
negative It's too bad the food is so damn generic.
negative Soggy and not good.
negative All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
positive Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!
negative After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.
negative Would not go back.
positive All the bread is made in-house!
negative I would not recommend this place.
positive Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!
positive The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.
negative Food was average at best.
negative I won't be back.
positive I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.
negative Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.
negative Boy was that sucker dry!!.
positive And service was super friendly.
negative We will not be coming back.
positive Good food , good service .
negative Food was below average.
negative It was not good.
positive Great service and food.
negative The manager was the worst.
negative Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
positive Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
positive Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!
positive Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.
negative We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!
negative Won't ever go here again.
positive Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.
positive The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.
negative It was way over fried.
positive This place was such a nice surprise!
negative Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.
positive If you haven't gone here GO NOW!
negative The Burrittos Blah!
positive The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.
positive Great pork sandwich.
positive Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.
negative Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
negative The desserts were a bit strange.
positive I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.
positive Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!
positive The atmosphere here is fun.
positive Best breakfast buffet!!!
positive Those burgers were amazing.
negative Just don't know why they were so slow.
positive Service was fantastic.
negative A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
positive If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.
positive What a great double cheeseburger!
negative Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.
positive By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!
negative -My order was not correct.
positive The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.
positive Restaurant is always full but never a wait.
positive I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.
negative I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
negative There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.
positive Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
positive Plus, it's only 8 bucks.
positive That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.
positive I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.
positive High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.
negative I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.
negative We'll never go again.
positive Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
positive Now this dish was quite flavourful.
positive Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!
negative I wouldn't return.
positive The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.
negative Will not be back!
negative The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.
positive Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.
positive I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.
negative Do not waste your money here!
negative Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.
negative Overpriced for what you are getting.
negative Won't go back.
positive The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.
negative The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
negative My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
negative It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
positive Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.
negative Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.
negative I'm super pissd.
positive Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!
positive This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.
positive Overall, I like there food and the service.
positive We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!
negative If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.
positive They were excellent.
positive The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.
negative The real disappointment was our waiter.
negative But the service was beyond bad.
positive All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.
negative Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
positive It's a great place and I highly recommend it.
negative WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
positive Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!
negative the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
positive Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.
negative We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
positive That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.
negative I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
negative Nothing special.
positive This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.
positive Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.
positive The pizza selections are good.
positive The Macarons here are insanely good.
negative What happened next was pretty....off putting.
negative This place is disgusting!
negative Never again will I be dining at this place!
negative If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.
negative it was a drive to get there.
positive We enjoy their pizza and brunch.
positive The price is reasonable and the service is great.
negative I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.
negative I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
positive this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.
negative I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
positive Generous portions and great taste.
negative I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
positive Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.
positive Wow... Loved this place.
positive My first visit to Hiro was a delight!
positive As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!
positive Ambience is perfect.
negative Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.
negative i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?
negative The service was meh.
negative I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
negative Don't waste your time here.
positive If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
negative Terrible management.
positive Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!
positive Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.
positive The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
positive I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.
positive I'll definitely be in soon again.
negative too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.
positive Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.
negative I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
negative The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
negative Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
negative RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.
positive Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!
negative The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.
negative I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.
negative I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
negative Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
negative At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.
negative Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.
negative First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!
positive The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.
negative This one is simply a disappointment.
negative Waited and waited and waited.
negative This place should honestly be blown up.
positive And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).
positive We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
negative Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!
positive Omelets are to die for!
positive I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.
positive Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!
positive The portion was huge!
positive The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!
positive This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.
positive It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.
negative Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
negative I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
positive The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.
positive From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.
negative Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
negative I never come again.
positive The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.
positive Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
positive Fantastic food!
positive The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!
negative I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.
positive Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.
positive They know how to make them here.
negative This was like the final blow!
positive This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
positive Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.
negative I can't tell you how disappointed I was.
negative I was mortified.
positive Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.
positive The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.
positive On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.
negative The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.
positive Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.
positive I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.
negative The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.
positive Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.
negative This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.
positive Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.
positive Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.
negative Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.
positive - the food is rich so order accordingly.
positive Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.
negative Must have been an off night at this place.
negative I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
negative I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.
negative What a mistake.
positive Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!
negative Service was slow and not attentive.
positive Always a pleasure dealing with him.
positive Ample portions and good prices.
negative For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
positive Nargile - I think you are great.
positive I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!
negative dont go here.
positive the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.
negative Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.
positive I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.
positive This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.
positive This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!
negative I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.
positive The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.
negative For service, I give them no stars.
positive A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!
positive Their chow mein is so good!
negative Spend your money elsewhere.
positive you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)
positive Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!
negative Went for lunch - service was slow.
negative What a mistake that was!
negative In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.
negative Disappointing experience.
positive I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
positive Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.
positive You cant go wrong with any of the food here.
positive What I really like there is the crepe station.
negative The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.
negative The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
positive One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.
positive We definately enjoyed ourselves.
positive The ambiance was incredible.
negative Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.
positive There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.
positive Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.
negative The live music on Fridays totally blows.
negative They dropped more than the ball.
positive This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
negative The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.
positive On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.
positive Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.
positive I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.
positive I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.
positive In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.
negative Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.
positive - Really, really good rice, all the time.
negative The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!
negative The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.
negative It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
positive These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.
positive We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.
positive My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.
positive So absolutley fantastic.
negative Not good for the money.
negative Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
positive Awesome selection of beer.
negative I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!
positive My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.
negative seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
negative The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
negative The management is rude.
positive Will be back again!
negative To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
positive Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.
positive My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.
negative Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.
positive I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
negative Will not be back.
positive We loved the biscuits!!!
positive This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
negative Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.
positive Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !
positive I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.
positive I'd love to go back.
negative I won't be back.
negative As for the "mains," also uninspired.
positive Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.
negative For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.
negative Thoroughly disappointed!
positive My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
positive I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!
positive Food was really good and I got full petty fast.
negative We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.
positive This is a GREAT place to eat!
negative The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
positive The patio seating was very comfortable.
positive They also have the best cheese crisp in town.
positive They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.
negative I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
positive The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.
negative The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.
negative very tough and very short on flavor!
negative He was terrible!
negative Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.
positive The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.
negative The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
negative Weird vibe from owners.
positive Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!
positive You won't be disappointed.
negative the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".
positive Damn good steak.
positive The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.
negative Left very frustrated.
negative There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
negative We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
negative A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
positive Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.
negative I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.
positive And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.
positive The burger is good beef, cooked just right.
negative The turkey and roast beef were bland.
positive An absolute must visit!
positive Service was good and the company was better!
negative Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
negative Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
negative I will not return.
positive All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!
positive Extremely Tasty!
positive The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.
negative I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
negative It was pretty gross!
negative The service here leaves a lot to be desired.
positive Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
positive The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.
negative I think not again
positive The bartender was also nice.
positive The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.
negative this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.
negative The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.
negative I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
positive this place is good.
positive I will be back many times soon.
negative Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.
positive I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.
positive The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.
positive Everything was fresh and delicious!
positive The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.
positive I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.
negative Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.
negative The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
negative It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.
positive In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.
positive This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
negative By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.
positive definitely will come back here again.
positive Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
negative Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
positive Everything was perfect the night we were in.
negative What did bother me, was the slow service.
positive This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.
negative But then they came back cold.
negative The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.
negative Don't do it!!!!
negative walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.
positive The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.
negative The only downside is the service.
negative Not my thing.
negative I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.
negative This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.
positive The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
negative The food wasn't good.
positive Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.
positive 2 Thumbs Up!!
negative I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.
positive Everyone is treated equally special.
positive Pretty good beer selection too.
negative I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.
negative Worst food/service I've had in a while.
positive The fries were great too.
positive I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.
positive The food came out at a good pace.
negative I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.
positive This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.
negative I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.
positive Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
negative Over rated.
positive Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.
positive OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.
positive The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.
negative I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.
negative Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
positive Just had lunch here and had a great experience.
positive DELICIOUS!!
negative Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
positive Food was so gooodd.
positive The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.
negative As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
negative Service stinks here!
positive The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.
negative I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.
positive I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.
negative However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
positive Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.
negative Very bad Experience!
negative After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.
negative I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.
negative I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.
negative I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.
positive The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
negative Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.
positive I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.
negative She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.
positive Reasonably priced also!
negative I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
positive So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.
positive Everything was good and tasty!
negative Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
negative I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.
positive The food was excellent and service was very good.
positive Wow very spicy but delicious.
positive Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.
negative The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.
negative There was hardly any meat.
positive Very friendly staff.
positive If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.
negative I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!
positive Both great!
negative The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.
positive I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.
negative What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.
negative And it was way to expensive.
negative Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
positive The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!
negative Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.
negative The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.
negative We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.
negative Food was really boring.
negative The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.
negative We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.
negative I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.
negative Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
positive I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.
positive Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
negative Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
positive Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.
negative My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.
positive These were so good we ordered them twice.
negative When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.
positive I love this place.
positive It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.
negative I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
positive Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.
positive The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.
negative WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
negative Awful service.
negative The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.
positive We are so glad we found this place.
positive This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.
positive Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.
negative We waited for forty five minutes in vain.
positive This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.
negative Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.
negative I probably won't be coming back here.
negative Needless to say, we will never be back here again.
negative We won't be going back.
negative There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.
positive Food was great and so was the serivce!
negative TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
positive Service is also cute.
positive The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.
positive Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.
negative Worst Thai ever.
negative Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.
negative I was so insulted.
negative Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
positive Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.
negative I'm not eating here!
positive Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.
positive Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.
negative Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
positive If you're not familiar, check it out.
negative And the drinks are WEAK, people!
positive I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.
negative Not good by any stretch of the imagination.
positive The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!
negative Probably not in a hurry to go back.
negative By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.
negative I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.
positive The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.
positive The waitress and manager are so friendly.
negative It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
negative I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.
positive They really want to make your experience a good one.
positive Pretty cool I would say.
positive Very good food, great atmosphere.1
positive Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.
negative This place deserves no stars.
negative Mediocre food.
negative The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.
negative a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
negative I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.
negative This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
positive My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.
negative say bye bye to your tip lady!
negative The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.
negative It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.
positive The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.
positive The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.
positive Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!
positive One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
negative I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.
negative We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
negative I dressed up to be treated so rudely!
negative The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.
negative Horrible - don't waste your time and money.
negative I consider this theft.
positive An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
positive Service is quick and friendly.
positive All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.
negative The selection of food was not the best.
positive I hope this place sticks around.
positive So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!
positive Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!
negative Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.
negative The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.
negative I won't try going back there even if it's empty.
positive I LOVED it!
positive The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.
positive Food arrived quickly!
negative How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!
positive After one bite, I was hooked.
negative It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.
positive Best tacos in town by far!!
positive They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.
positive This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.
negative Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.
negative Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.
negative It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.
negative The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
positive Nice ambiance.
positive The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.
positive When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!
positive It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
negative We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.
positive I would recommend saving room for this!
positive This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.
negative Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.
negative 2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !
positive They were golden-crispy and delicious.
positive Highly recommended.
negative very slow at seating even with reservation.
negative Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!
positive Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.
positive You can't beat that.
negative I would not recommend this place.
negative Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
positive Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.
negative Very disappointing!!!
positive Great Pizza and Salads!
positive Bacon is hella salty.
negative Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.
positive This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.
negative It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
positive The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.
negative I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
positive The block was amazing.
negative The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
positive We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!
negative And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.
positive First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
negative It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
negative Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.
negative Once your food arrives it's meh.
positive I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;
positive The waitresses are very friendly.
positive The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.
positive Owner's are really great people.!
positive I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!
positive Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.
positive A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.
negative The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.
negative The service here is fair at best.
negative It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.
positive This place is two thumbs up....way up.
negative My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.
positive This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.
negative The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.
positive The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!
positive The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.
positive I loved the bacon wrapped dates.
negative Appetite instantly gone.
positive Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.
negative Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.
positive The nachos are a MUST HAVE!
negative But I don't like it.
positive They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.
positive I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.
negative I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.
positive The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.
positive the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.
positive The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.
negative We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.
negative Very poor service.
negative Waiter was a jerk.
negative The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.
negative They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!
